I prepare for my journey much like a sailor who sets his sails not knowing whether he would return to his land or not.


The scorching sands of Titan have always intrigued me, no man has ever set his foot on Titan and has returned to his homeland.

There was sand till the edge of the world and no one had ever seen what actually was on Titan,
many had speculated a treasure so big that would solve every problem mankind had ever had,
some said there was a deity that would ensure you to be immortal, i did not personally believe in any of this but i wouldnt mind ant of it being true.


Men far better than me had set foot on Titan, 
but my purpose outweighs my rationality, for far better men have tried and will try, but that should never stop me from trying, my wife freya taught me that.

“A problem doesn’t have to arrive at our doorstep for it to be our responsibility” she said with her beautiful voice.

It begins, There is no way of transport other than walking, I will walk until the sun sets and then set camp for the night,
 my destination is not quite known but it is said one must arrive in the middle of titan, to achieve what it offers, which might take weeks.

There is sand everywhere and not much to see, i wonder how many men have actually travelled here and gave up so soon,
 i convinced myself that i was not at all tired and was ready to walk to the centre by the night today itself!


The night arrived and the hot sand which was burning my feet, is now giving a comforting breeze, which convinced me to set my camp and call it a day.

I sat with a fire in front of me, and to keep my sanity, i sang what we in the village would always sing in unity 
“In the vast expanse of a golden sand,
  Where civilization dared not stand,
  A man embarked on a timeless quest
  Through blazing heat, his soul was pressed”

As i sang the desert almost sang back, i heard a distant voice which shook me “Ah a mirage it must be” i said to myself.
The sun woke me up at 5, almost blinding me.

I start walking again,although the sand seems almost identical as it had been the day before,  quite annoying it is, though i am as encouraged as i was before.

I walk and walk through this endless sand, pitying every pirate that had to endure this at sea,
 seeing water everywhere, not being able to set foot on land, and how they would have regretted the deicision to sail in the first place.


Almost frustated and ready to quit i saw something at some distance, perhaps a mirage but at this point even that gave me comfort 
As i approached it i saw a hand coming out of the sand holding a piece of paper 

“What now?” i said to myself.

The letter read 
“Oh dear reader if you read this please turn back, turn back and beg my daughter for forgiveness for i have set this trip, spare your family this pain
Oh dear reader, you are no better than me, please don’t chase the glory, just be decent and turn back 
Oh dear reader, am i now just dust flowing through space? what is the diffrence between me and you ,oh dear reader”.
“This can’t be real” I said.

“Pathetic! What a coward!, I shouted furiously in the desert. The man was such a failure, couldn't fulfil his purpose and now he's stopping others.




Now i had enough of this, I am leaving i thought to myself as i turned back, wait which way was back?
The wind had already cleared my footsteps 
“CUNT COULD HAVE ATLEAST DIED IN A GOOD SPOT” I said only to regret my words as a man’s death means a universe||||||| dying atleast in my imagination.



I had no option now, apart from walking in a straight direction. now I have supplies enough only for 2 weeks and there is nothing to see but just a hand now.
I walk ahead not knowing where i would end up, the way i did when I began a few days ago, but this time it was diffrent.

It has been a week and the night seems much colder today, and as usual i started singing to keep me sane
“Alone he walked, with purpose and sight,
Seeking solace in the desert’s might,
His footsteps echoing,dancing with heat,
As his spirits soared,unburdened,complete.”

Another morning. I have 3 days before my supplies end, what can I do other than walk,
As I walked and walked i saw something again at some distance, yet this time it was huge 
I ran as fast as i could to it, and it was like a oppurtunity for a second life. 
i could give everything i had to grasp it, and as i approached i heard a voice singing and It seemed familiar,
 as i apporached nearer and nearer the sound got intense and finally it was clear and a woman sang 

[insert music]


It was my wife’s voice, which i had heard eariler in the desert, this place was playing games,
 it was not a mirage, it was much more, something that knew my past, and put something so real before me.

I had enough of everything and decided to end myself and write a letter 

“Oh dear reader...”